---
Title: Taking Chances with No Regrets
Date: 2013-5-19 05:09
Published: false
---

Starting June 1st, I will be doing freelance/contract work. It's been something I've dreamed of doing since I started working in this field. 

Many of you know me and others might be finding this for the first time but I have had one amazing career so far. It all started when I graduated from The Creative Center (TCC) in 2000. I had great ambitions of becoming the best in the area. Young and fresh out of school I had no idea what my next 13 years were going to become.

I never expected to be involved with interent but it was inevitable. It started when my first job out of school wanted a web design and they asked me if I wanted to learn. Of course I did. It's 2001 and the web was just coming back from the crash so it was new and exciting again. Here learned basic web development with Flash and Flash Actionscript 1.0. Working with a application developers, Nick and Steve, that taught me basic programming fundamentals that I applied to Actionscript as it was still new.

Over the years years things started to move away from Flash and over to symantic markup, HTML & CSS. Oh boy was this something I dived head first into. Setting up my first blog with wordpress 0.7 version. It was new and fun. Learning about all these other designers such as Jeffery Zeldman, Doug Bowman and Ryan Sims. By doing this it landed me a position in a small startup called Greek Creations. Here I honed my css skills and something I never thought about, marketing skills.

Still doing what I do best, getting work done. I still had an itch to be at an advertising agency. This opportunity came about but I had to move to Lincoln. 

Over the years I've enjoyed every decision I made in my career even if they never went the way I had planned. I feel everything I've experienced I learned from as well has put 110% into it. Now going forward I'm looking at making more tangible experience and really push myself in my skills and in my life. I know it's not an easy thing. I know I might fail but I know I won't go out without a fight. 

To all this I also want to thank everyone in my life that I have connected with. If that's professionally, personally or socially. 

Salute and here's to a new life change.